Daniel received a prophecy about the coming of two rivals,
the King of the North and the King of the South.
How has it been fulfilled?
In the late 1800s, the German Empire became the King of the North.
That government brought its power and heart against the King of the South,
with a large army.
In fact, its navy was the second largest unearth,
who became the King of the South.
The alliance between Britain and the United States.
He fought during World War I with an exceedingly large and mighty army.
He swept away and humbled the King of the North.
But that was not the end of the King of the North.
He turned his attention to and then hurled denunciations against the Holy Covenant.
He removed the constant feature.
By limiting the freedom of God's people to preach,
imprisoning many and even killing hundreds of God's anointed ones and their fellow workers.
After Germany was defeated in World War II,
the Soviet Union became the King of the North.
It worked with the King of the South to put in place the disgusting thing that causes desolation.
The United Nations.
Beginning in the early 1900s,
the Soviet government tried to eliminate religion in the lands under its control,
fulfilling the words that he would show no regard for the God of his fathers.
He gave glory not to the God of heaven, but to the God of fortresses.
As prophesied, he used this military might against the King of the South
by engaging with him in a pushing.
Anglo-America competed with the Soviet Union for world domination,
fighting in and supporting wars and political struggles around the globe.
After the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991,
it was unclear who would fill the role of the King of the North.
For a time, God's people there had been able to preach and worship peacefully.
But in recent years, Russia and its allies have pushed back at the King of the South.
Both kings have accused each other of destructive cyber and economic attacks.
But the King of the North has not limited his attacks to the King of the South.
As foretold, he also entered into the land of the decoration.
Our realm of spiritual activity.
Today, Russian authorities continue to attack true worship.
We expect such persecution.
But we also expect it to end.
Our King, Jesus Christ, is more powerful than any human government.
Soon, he will destroy not only the kings of the North, South, but all of his enemies.
And he will deliver God's loyal people.